[DIGITAL EFFECT]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is Matias De Stefano.
And my purpose is to remember.
At a young age, I
began to remember
living in a colony of
the ancient civilization
of Atlantis.
Then, I began to remember
living on other planets
in another star
system and dimensions.
I started to understand
how everything I remember
has a purpose in my
mission here and now.
To help reconnect the network
of consciousness of planet Earth
in a plan that in Atlantis
we called Ater Tumti,
bring heaven on Earth.
This mission began
with organizing
a gathering of thousands of
people to create that network.
Then, I was guided on a journey
to over 40 countries, where
I deposited special keys in
50 sacred Kundalini chakra
locations on the planet
to help open these portals
and activate humanity's
true potential as neurons
of the Earth.
The more the portals
open like flowers
on the planet, the more
flow of energy for everyone.
For the planet Earth, not
just humans, not just trees,
but everything on this
planet, our home, ourselves.
I've encountered dark energies
manifesting earthquakes, being
kidnapped, and have survived
several near disasters, all
as a part of mission that I
started over 12,000 years ago
in the age of Leo.
In this age, I can now
spread this ancient knowledge
all over the world
to enormous crowds
and to millions
over the internet.
This is my mission.
I hope it helps you find yours.
Everything that I am doing
right now, everything
that I am doing in my life,
it's aligned to my mission.
And I guess that I don't
do much besides what
I am supposed to do.
But this is not something
that right now bothers me,
because I'm enjoying it.
I really enjoy doing what I do.
And to go all around the world
and to connect all these nodes
of energy and to share and
teach people about my memories,
this is something that for
me right now is something
I live in balance with.
But it was not always like this.
I have always been related
to the spiritual world,
because since I was
born, they were there.
I could see them.
They were talking to me,
they were teaching me
how to be in this world, how to
handle the reality as a human.
They would teach me how to
understand the other person,
how to be a friend,
how to go to school,
how to learn, how to
feel, how to think.
I was like, I felt
like I was the spirit
on holidays in a weird country
that we called planet Earth.
And they were
constantly in my life.
For me, they were family.
All these beings from
other dimensions,
they were my friends.
They are calling me to see,
hey, how are you doing?
I cannot see them, they are
in other worlds, but for me,
are family or friends.
And there was a moment
when they told me,
now you have to remember.
Now you will remember.
Not only see us and remember
us from other dimensions,
but also remember your soul.
So when I was 11, 12 years old,
I started to remember my lives.
And all the emotion was the only
way in which I could remember.
It was not like
information, it was
emotion of all the beings, all
the people that I have been
and that I have been with.
My family was
agnostic, so they had
no idea about spiritual things.
But they were creative.
My mom was creative,
so she loved
to listen what I was
saying, like if I was just
having a lot of imagination.
And that I had no idea how
to handle the imagination.
But of course, I thought many
times I was getting crazy,
until I started to find many
others that also remembered.
And when I was a
child, I had no idea
about what I was doing,
why I was doing this.
And they told me, in a few
years when it will be 2012,
you have to connect and talk
with many people in the world.
And your mission will start.
And you have to be
ready for that moment.
And I was supposed to
be 24 years old in 2012,
and I was like, I don't know
how I'm going to do anything
that you are saying,
because I don't
know how to speak with people.
I really was afraid of people.
And I don't really want to be in
touch with the spiritual world.
Along the years, I started
to accept my nature,
like being this weird person.
I never was afraid of saying
what was happening to me.
I was always sharing
with my mom, mostly
my friends, everything
that I was remembering,
everything that I was feeling.
I wanted to become
a teacher so I
could help others like me that
were coming to this world,
to have idea of how to
survive here, to learn how
to live in this world and not
to forget and to be balanced
in this reality.
That's why I went
to study education.
My mission is
bounded by education.
I just want to help people
to understand or to help
to remember.
Suddenly, one of
my guides told me,
if you are not
centered in yourself,
if you don't work
with your spirit,
with your own mind
and your own soul
and you don't heal your
history and you don't realize
why you have gone
through all this path,
so you are not going to
be able to help anybody.
You are not going to be able
to bring heaven on Earth.
First, you need to go through
all the process of yourself
and to recognize the
power of your own spirit
so you could do what
you have come to do.
Every time that I wanted to
go through the path of working
in education or society or
politics, the whole path
took me away so I could
go back to my nature.
Because I was trying to
be someone that I was not.
And this was one of the
times that I realized
about that was when I
was in the university
and I was doing this
career of psychopathology
to help in schools, and suddenly
my guides came and said,
you don't belong in this place.
You have learned everything
that you needed to learn,
and you have to leave.
And I was fighting with them,
saying, no, I won't leave here.
In this world you need
a title to be believed,
you need a degree,
so people could say,
OK, this person knows something.
So until I don't
finish my university,
I won't leave this place and
I won't start my mission.
So suddenly that
month, I started
to have problems
in the university.
I failed in every class.
I started to speak in
different languages.
I sometimes forgot
how to speak Spanish.
So I was having all
these kind of problems,
until I just decided, OK,
I have to leave university.
And when I did that, and
suddenly the people started
to wonder what I
was talking about,
so I started to share
my vision of education.
But suddenly they said, but
why do you have this vision?
Why-- from where it comes from?
And I started to explain my
memories and all the things
that I know from the
universe and to explain
why the new children are being
born and the new consciousness
and so on.
So suddenly I understood that
my job was not with kids,
it was with the parents
and the teachers.
They started to ask me a
lot of questions to film
what I was saying and they
invited me to congresses
to make speeches and
to speak out loud.
So this is how I
ended up in YouTube.
And a lot of people started
to watch what I was sharing.
Even though I had
not much idea of what
I was sharing precisely.
But doing all this process,
when I started to do that,
I realized how many people
were remembering also like me.
And everyone was saying, I
remember exactly the same,
but you organized that.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
There was a lot of
people that thought
that I know many things, but
I never considered myself
knowing things.
I just remember things.
And sometimes I was feeling like
people believe that I am wise
because of what I'm explaining.
But I'm not wise, I'm just
repeating like a parrot
what my spirit says.
My personality is not like that.
My personality wants
just to enjoy, to play,
and to get fun in this reality.
I was 23 years old
approximately when
during a worship in
Menorca in Spain,
I was talking in
front of 300 people,
and suddenly I
forgot everything.
And at that moment,
I felt like empty,
and my guides told me,
we are cleaning you,
because this is the only
moment you are connected.
It's the only moment when we
can download new information.
So they told me in
the end of this year,
you have to make a
gathering so people
could gather in the capital of
the inner world of Argentina.
And you have to call them to
be all together in the day
11-11-11.
And that day you will
receive the next steps,
so you will start your mission.
When I received this information
of the 11-11-11, they told me,
this is why that
date is special.
Because the mind of many people
are connected to the same idea.
That makes that day a portal.
We need that day to
download information
to start to reconnect
the network of thinking
of something that
was beyond humans
is the network, the
network consciousness.
This organization
of the gathering
was not only about how do
we organize the logistics
for this gathering, it
was also about facing
all these conflicts
in other dimensions.
We had to go to a
spot in Argentina
called Capilla De Monte.
In this region, there is
a specific energetic spot
where all the remnants
of the cosmos went there,
and they hold all
information of the Earth.
So we went there to receive
guidance of what we have to do.
So they told us we needed
to go to specific spots
to clean the energy.
So when the gathering
was held in that region,
we would be able to move
the energy correctly.
Our goal was to heal the
territory of Argentina
for the future.
They told us in 200
years, this region
would be one of the most
important to reestablish
the order of a new civilization.
So in order to be
that, we needed
to face the darkness that
was keeping this energy.
So while my mom
and other friends
were organizing the logistics
in the city, with other friends
we went to these
spots of Argentina
to make the cleaning
of this energy.
We went to four provinces.
One of them in Salta
in the Atacama Desert.
The other one in La Rioja, which
is a region called Talampaya.
Then the other one in
Aconcagua in Mendoza.
And the other one
Nahuel Huapi, which
is a lake in Neuquen
and Rio Negro.
These regions that we
have to go to anchor
is energy and clean,
where the main regions
that represented the
throat chakra of Argentina,
the liver of Argentina,
the kidneys of Argentina
and the root chakra.
So by cleaning those
portals, it would
be easier to move the energy in
the core, which is the plexus,
in Cordoba.
One of the most important
stories that I had
was when we went to Salta, and
in the middle of the desert,
we were driving to the
volcano that we were
supposed to go in a rental car.
And when we were
heading to that region,
we saw this dark energy
coming and rolling the car.
And the car started to spin.
All the glass broke,
and everything
started to come inside the car.
We had an accident in
the middle of the desert.
After all the
rollings that we did
in the middle of the desert,
nothing happened to us.
We were like, clean.
And we went outside the car
and an ambulance just stopped.
And we couldn't believe
that, but the ambulance
was right behind us,
200 kilometers away
from every city.
And they said, we
saw the accident.
What happened?
So my guides told me, you
have to say the truth always,
don't lie.
So I went to them and said,
well, energetically black snake
rolled the car, and
so the car was broken.
And they said, yes,
yes, OK, these things
happen here, so we will
take you to the doctor.
So we went to this city.
And the doctor, she
also said, yes, we
know that these
things happen here.
It's a very special place.
And even the policemen said
that they offer constantly
in ceremonies fruits to the
Earth, to the Pachamama,
because they know that bad
spirits are in that region.
So we could speak freely
with the whole population.
When I started to
go around the planet
and to go to these
mountains and portals,
there were always dark beings
in every one of those places.
And some people would say Matias
is working with dark energies.
But when you are in the
matter, what you realize,
is that the high vibrational
beings that are in other
dimensions cannot touch matter.
But the dark ones does.
So they are like the dogs
taking care of the temples.
Like, the ones that want to
bite you, to kill you so nobody
could get into the portal.
When you treat those
dogs like puppies
and you thank them because
they were taking care of this,
but don't worry, I will
respect this reality,
I won't go against you,
they just allow you to go
and they help you.
They guide you to the portal.
So we went to the mountain
again with another car.
And we were talking with these
dark beings around the mountain
and they said, we are
only allow this energy
to flow if you in exchange,
give us destruction.
So we could recreate our
world in this region.
So we said,
destruction like what?
And they said, so it
would be an earthquake.
By the earthquake,
we would destroy it
and we will raise energy
that we need for our world.
And we said, OK, but no deaths.
So we were fighting
and discussing
in the meeting, no death
in this earthquake.
So they agreed after a while.
And seven days
after that there was
an earthquake in that region
that destroyed many villages.
But there was no harm,
no people harmed.
When that happened, we knew that
we were ready to keep going.
So we went to La Rioja
and in La Rioja we also
did this energetical cleaning.
Then in the other
mountain in Mendoza,
told us that this,
what we were doing,
was for the future generations.
So they would give us
the energy for the kids.
So my goal was not
just to explain
to the people what
we were doing,
but also to talk with
the other dimensions,
to talk with the beings that
usually everyone sees that they
are against us, and to bring
them to the same purpose
to say, no, we understand
what you are doing,
but we need to work together.
We are losing time fighting.
My guides pushed me towards
the darkness to face it
and to teach me
something important.
One of my biggest teachings
during the organization
of the 11-11-11
was to be neutral.
And to be neutral, means not
to be working for the light,
and neither for the
darkness, but to realize
that both forces were
one working with just one
goal, which was evolution.
I know that many people
think that the darkness is
working against evolution, but
it's not precisely like this.
It's just another
way of evolution.
They just want to evolve
in a different way
and with different tools.
So what we needed to do,
was to find the balance.
This brought me
this peace inside
that I hadn't come here
like a light worker
or like a warrior for the
light for the enlightenment,
but more like someone
trying to find the balance
and to connect the missing
links that separated all of us
as not only human beings, but
also in different dimensions.
That day in the morning,
we had these 6,000 people.
The whole day was
kind of like magic.
And they said, well,
you have to deliver keys
in the specific portals to open
the Kundalini of the world.